.TH rsstorrent 1  "February 3, 2010" "version 0.6" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
rsstorrent \- Forwards shows from RSS to your torrent program.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rsstorrent
[\-hnRrqvcSfJkw] [\-m text] [\-C name:value] [\-s name:url] [\-D name] [\-t type] [\-d name] [\-p name] 
[\-F name:query] [\-T query] [\-P name] [\-j name] [\-e name] [\-E regexp] [\-N regexp] [\-O size] [\-o size] 
[\-u type] [\-g value] [\-G value] [\-i id] [\-M id] [\-L] [\-a regexp]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Most bittorrent sites on the internet have RSS streams announcing
the new content they provide. RSS-torrent searches there announcements
using user defined filters, and downloads the torrent for your
favourite torrent program to pick up. When content matching the filters
is found there is an option to send an email to a specified address.
.PP
RSS-torrent supports RSS feeds and Twitter time lines as sources.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
display a help text.
.TP
\-n, \-\-nodetach
When combined with \-r keeps rsstorrent from detaching.
.TP
\-R, \-\-once
Runs the download cycle once.
.TP
\-r, \-\-run
Without extra arguments, runs rsstorrent in daemon mode.
.TP
\-q, \-\-test
When provided together with an add filter command, tests that filter.
.TP
\-m, \-\-test\-mail text
Sends an email containing the text provided to the email adres provided in the config.
.TP
\-v \-\-version
Prints version of RSS\-torrent.
.TP
\-c \-\-list\-config
List config items and their value.
.TP
\-C \-\-set\-config name:value
Set config value.
.TP
\-s \-\-add\-source name:url
.TP
\-D \-\-del\-source name
Delete RSS source.
.TP
\-S \-\-list\-sources
List RSS sources.
.TP
\-t \-\-source\-parser type
Set RSS source parser type. 
.TP
\-d \-\-del\-filter name
Delete a SQL filter, use name 'all' to delete all SQL filters.
.TP
\-f \-\-list\-filters
List all SQL filters
.TP
\-p \-\-print\-filter name
Print SQL filter in shell format.
.TP
\-F \-\-add\-sql\-filter name:query
Set SQL download filter (use with \-T)
.TP
\-T \-\-nodup\-sql\-filter 
Set SQL duplicate filter.
.TP
\-J \-\-list\-simple
List all simple filters
.TP
\-P \-\-print\-simple name
Print simple filter in shell format.
.TP
\-A \-\-print\-all\-simple
Print all simple filters in shell format.
.TP
\-j \-\-del\-simple name
Delete a simple filter.
.TP
\-k \-\-del\-all\-simple
Delete all simple filters
.TP
\-K \-\-reinit\-database
Drop all tables and reinitialize the empty database. (Warning all data stored in the db is lost)
.TP
\-i \-\-id\-download
Download a torrent providing it's id.
.TP
\-M \-\-id\-del\-downed
Delete a record in the downloaded table.
.TP
\-L \-\-find
Find torrents. (use with simple options)
.TP
\-a \-\-find\-downed
Find entries in the downloaded table.
.TP
\-e \-\-add\-simple name
Add a new simple filter providing it's name.
.TP
\-w \-\-wizard\-simple
Add a simple filter through a wizard dialog. (Filters can be added and modified)
.TP
\-E \-\-title regexp
The regexp that must match the title of a torrent.
.TP
\-N \-\-exclude regexp
The regexp that must NOT match the title of the torrent.
.TP
\-U \-\-category regexp
The regexp that must match the category of the torrent.
.TP
\-l \-\-source regexp
The regexp that must match the source of the torrent.
.TP
\-O \-\-max\-size size
The maximal size the torrent contents must be. (human readable format)
.TP
\-o \-\-min\-size size
The minimal size the torrent contents must be. (human readable format)
.TP
\-u \-\-nodup type
Simple no duplicate filter type (none, link, unique, newer)
.TP
\-g \-\-from\-season value
Season number to start downloading from.
.TP
\-G \-\-from\-episode value
Episode number to start downloading from.
.TP
\-z \-\-auto-avoid-old
Auto set --from-season and --from-episode based on torrents already present in the database.
.SH CONFIG SETTING
.PP
.TP 
.B torrentdir
The directory the downloaded torrents get stored.
.TP
.B logfile
The path to the logfile.
.TP
.B lockfile
The path to the lockfile.
.TP
.B refresh
The time between RSS downloads.
.TP
.B retain 
The amount of days records from the sources are being retained.
.TP
.B default_parser
The default source parser to use when no parser is provided on the command line.
.TP
.B smtp_enable
When a torrent is downloaded, send an email (set to value 'Y' to enable).
.TP
.B smtp_to
The email address the email notification needs to be sended to.
.TP
.B smtp_from
The from email-address in the mail headers.
.TP
.B smtp_host
The STMP server and port used to send the notifications. (example: smtp.foobar.com:25)
.TP
.B min_size
When the given size in the source is smaller then this number (in bytes), the torrent is downloaded to extract the size from there.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Add a RSS source provided by Eztv.
.B rsstorrent 
\-\-add\-source="Eztv:http://www.ezrss.it/feed/" \-\-source-parser="defaultrss"
.TP
Add a Twitter source using the Twitter API. (provide own account)
.B rsstorrent
\-\-add\-source="Twitter:https://<username>:<password>@twitter.com/statuses/friends_timeline.xml"
\-\-source-parser="twitter"
.TP
Add a simple filter, matching newer house episodes, excluding "House hunters international".
.B rsstorrent
\-\-add\-simple="House" \-\-title="^house" \-\-exclude="hunters international" \-\-min\-size="200mb" \-\-max\-size="700mb" \-\-nodup="newer"
.TP
Test a simple filter, showing the matches the filter yields on the current database, without downloading anything.
.B rsstorrent
.B \-\-test
\-\-add\-simple="House" \-\-title="^house" \-\-exclude="hunters international" \-\-min\-size="200mb" \-\-max\-size="700mb" \-\-nodup="newer"
.TP
Run RSS-torrent as daemon.
.B rsstorrent
--run
.TP 
Show Config settings.
.B rsstorrent
\-\-list\-config
.TP
Enable email notifications.
.B rsstorrent
\-\-set\-config="smtp_enable:Y"
.IP
.B rsstorrent
\-\-set\-config="smtp_to:your@address"
.IP
.B rsstorrent
\-\-set\-config="smtp_from:server@address"
.IP
.B rsstorrent
\-\-set\-config="smtp_host:smtp.foo.bar:25"
.TP
Change Directory torrents are downloaded to.
.B rsstorrent
\-\-set\-config="torrentdir:<path>"
.TP
Change RSS check frequency.
.B rsstorrent
\-\-set\-config="refresh:<seconds>"
.TP
Create a SQL filter.
.B ./rsstorrent 
\-F "DollHouse:select link, title, pubdate, category, season, episode from newtorrents where title REGEXP('^[Dd]ollhouse') AND size < '400000000' AND new = 'Y'" \\
.IP  
\-T "SELECT title FROM downloaded WHERE link=?1 OR (season>=?2 AND episode>=?3 AND title REGEXP('^[Dd]ollhouse'))"
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
When RSS-torrent runs in the shell, 0 is returned on normal exit, otherwise 1.
.SH AUTHOR
Paul Honig (rsstorrent (at) swarmtv.nl)
.SH SEE ALSO
rtorrent(1)
curl(1)

